Splunk Search Headers Bug Fix (#16910)
demisto/content: Packs/SplunkPy/ReleaseNotes/2_3_0.md

#### Integrations
##### SplunkPy

> - Fixed an issue where headers were not shown in **splunk-search** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where columns were dropped from the human readable output of the **splunk-search** command.
```
